farm animals the Ross Farm Museum
represents rural life 150 years ago and
at that time animals played a very
important part for all families the farm
animals had to provide many things in
order for the farmer and his or her
family to maintain living they provided
food transportation clothes and a source
of income just to name a few
offered in this hands-on students have
the chance to learn about animal health
what foods they eat and how they were so
important to the early settlers
unlike the farms of today with only one
or two types of animals
these early firms had many kinds of
animals in order to carve a living out
of the forest these animals included
chickens ducks geese horses ox and cows
sheep pigs and of course cats there's
always a variety of Ages for the
different animals little lambs play in
the fields chickens scratch for grain in
the summer sun and poles run to see just
how fast they can go every day of the
year the farmers here at Ross farm have
to feed and care for their animals on
many of these days there are plenty of
helpers to lend a hand
hands-on groups have the opportunity to
feed and clean out the stables of many
of these animals while learning the
importance of each one and why the breed
is here at Ross farm at Ross farm we
have a heritage animal program keeping
animals that fit our time periods while
helping to maintain these rare breeds
other facts you will learn include what
is the difference between an ox and a
cow how does the farmer separate the
cream from the milk and of course he
will have a chance to milk the family
cow the farm cats may not be the largest
animal on the farm but they do have to
perform an important task the farm cats
received most of the attention as
children play with them throughout the
whole area